[th2-1819] Added enableMessageSendingEvent and maxMessageBatchSize (#29)
th2-net/th2-conn: README.md

+ type - the service type from **services.xml** file. If service name from services.xml file contains `-` symbols they must be replaced with `_` symbol;

> + name - the service name that will be displayed in the events in the report;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ name - the service name that will be displayed in the events inside the report;
```

+ settings - the parameters that will be transformed to the actual service's settings specified in the **services.xml** file.

> + maxMessageBatchSize - the limitation for message batch size which connect sends to first and second publish pins with. The default value is 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ maxMessageBatchSize - the limitation for message batch size which connect sends to the first and to the second publish pins. The default value is set to 100.
```

> + enableMessageSendingEvent - if this option `true` connect sends separate event for every sent message which incoming from the pin with send attribute. The default value is true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ enableMessageSendingEvent - if this option is set to`true`, connect sends a separate event for every message sent which incomes from the pin with the send attribute. The default value is set to true
```

## Metrics

Connect component produces several metrics related to its activity.

> + th2_conn_incoming_msg_quantity / th2_conn_outgoing_msg_quantity are counter type metrics which increment when message sent or received via implemented protocol.  They have the `session_alias` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ th2_conn_incoming_msg_quantity / th2_conn_outgoing_msg_quantity are counter type metrics which are incremented when a message is sent or received via the implemented protocol.  They contain the `session_alias` attribute.
```

## Release notes

### 3.7.0

+ Added maxMessageBatchSize option to configure limitation of message batch size 

> + Added enableMessageSendingEvent option to manage event emitting related to sent messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Added enableMessageSendingEvent option to manage the event emitted  related to sent messages
```
